README.md, before:

# Hammer Language Changer
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger/issues)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger?style=flat)]()
[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger)  
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger?maxAge=25000)](https://github.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger/issues) 
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger?style=flat)]()  



***A Valve Hammer Editor modification to change it's language.***

>**Available Languages:**  
> * Spanish - DarviL  
> * French (In development) - Orinji Neko  
> * Original - Valve  

Currently only works for **Portal 2 SDK**, more games could be added in a future.  
Sadly, it's not possible to translate the entire program, because some strings are inside the `.exe`, wich cannot be modified. But almost the entire thing can be properly translated.

Would you like to translate Hammer to to your language? Help us to do so!

**If you want to change the hammer language to any of the availables: https://github.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger/wiki/Installation**  

**If you want to help us to create another translation, click here.** (placeholder)  

![HLCInstaller](https://i.imgur.com/wEL5XMH.png)
![HLC Spanish Preview](https://media.giphy.com/media/gJ2SMBaXdmGwQ0iBlc/giphy.gif)

Commit message:

Added the unfinished documentation note.

README.md, after:

## Note: The documentation of this project is temporally unfinished.  

# Hammer Language Changer
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger/issues)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger?style=flat)]()
[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger)  
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger?maxAge=25000)](https://github.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger/issues) 
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger?style=flat)]()  



***A Valve Hammer Editor modification to change it's language.***

>**Available Languages:**  
> * Spanish - DarviL  
> * French (In development) - Orinji Neko  
> * Original - Valve  

Currently only works for **Portal 2 SDK**, more games could be added in a future.  
Sadly, it's not possible to translate the entire program, because some strings are inside the `.exe`, wich cannot be modified. But almost the entire thing can be properly translated.

Would you like to translate Hammer to to your language? Help us to do so!

**If you want to change the hammer language to any of the availables: https://github.com/L89David/HammerLanguageChanger/wiki/Installation**  

**If you want to help us to create another translation, click here.** (placeholder)  

![HLCInstaller](https://i.imgur.com/wEL5XMH.png)
![HLC Spanish Preview](https://media.giphy.com/media/gJ2SMBaXdmGwQ0iBlc/giphy.gif)
